feat: v0.1 Initial version of avm/ptn/app/paas-ase-cosmosdb-tier4 (#5500)
Azure/bicep-registry-modules: avm/ptn/app/paas-ase-cosmosdb-tier4/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> The latest version of the changelog can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/avm/ptn/app/iaas-vm-cosmosdb-tier4/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version of the changelog can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/bicep-registry-modules/blob/main/avm/ptn/app/paas-ase-cosmosdb-tier4/CHANGELOG.md).
```
